Added Char Ranges (#2)
sawcce/SEBNF: readme.md

| "5"
| "6"
```
### Character Range

Matching the output of a dice like in the previous example is pretty annoying.
That's why the character range operator exists

> ```py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the grammar for it:
```py
```
Specify that the top code block in the character range section is the grammar for it

> character_range = character ".." character : matches any character from ascii code of the first to the second character

Reviewer: ```suggestion
character_range = character ".." character : matches any character from the ASCII code of the first character to that of second character inclusive
```
Clarify description of character range in the grammar code block

```

#### What is a character

The charater symbol in sebnf is only used for the character range

> Since the character range only accepts characters you don't need to escape them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the character range only accepts characters you don't need to escape them.

```
Add punctuation and split off from next paragraph properly

> If you want to use a character by ascii code you can do `` $code ``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use a character based on its hexadecimal ASCII value you can do `$<hex value>`
```
Clarify how to specify ASCII character by its hexadecimal value
